#summary Sphorm quick start guide
#labels Featured

<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />

= Installation =
 * Download latest stable/unstable release.
 * Unpack to a desirable directory (e.q. ~/public_html/sphorm).
 * (Optional) Define/change _SPHORM_HOME_ constant for a custom installation directory. Default is DOCUMENT_ROOT/sphorm.
 * Edit SPHORM_HOME/conf/DataSource.php 
 * List *all* your beans/classes in SPHORM_HOME/conf/Beans.php file. See a sample inside.
 * Copy *all* your domain classes to SPHORM_HOME/domains or define your own path using _SPHORM_DOMAIN_DIR_ constant.
 * *all* your domain classes should be 1 class per 1 file. By default file name should match class name. If you want custom file naming, change/define your own _SPHORM_DOMAIN_PATTERN_ constant. 
 * Check samples directory with for more examples.

= Configuration =

All sphorm config files are located in _SPHORM_HOME_/conf directory. So far there are 3 files: `DataSource.php`, `Beans.php`, `Config.php`

 `DataSource.php` - contains database related settings. Currently it supports 3 environments: development, test, production

 `Beans.php` - contains all beans/classes you want to have Sphorm capabilities.

 `Config.php` - core settings that determine Sphorm behavior (in progress...)

= Start using sphorm =
To start using Sphorm, you need to extend Sphorm class and add a constructor to your class, that will delegate request to base class (see samples dir for examples)

= What next? =
Check the samples directory that comes with sphorm package, it will contain many samples that would help you to get most of sphorm. And of course, HAVE FUN!
 